♪♪
♪ Ben 10! ♪
- [ Brakes squeal ] - Gwen, we're here!
[ Gasps ]
[ Lasers whooshing ]
- ♪ Hail all heroes - of Laser Town! ♪
♪ Laze 'em! Tag 'em!
Take 'em down! ♪
- ♪ Top laser coliseum - in the galaxy! ♪
♪ Prepare to behold
its majesty! ♪
Both: Yeah!
[ Grunts ]
Sorry, today we're closed
for a private event.
-A private event?
-What does that mean?
- It means somebody rented out - the whole place for the day.
Come back tomorrow.
Tomorrow? That's like
a whole day from now!
I... need... laser!
- -[ Breathing heavily ] - -Ben, patience.
But, Grandpa, it's not fair.
I've wanted this forever!
We don't always get
what we want when we want it.
Ugh! What kind of monster
rents out
an entire square mile of laser
paradise just for themselves?!
[ Tires screech ]
Billy Billions!
Ugh, Billy Billions.
You rented out all
of Laser Town?
Of course. Father rented it out
for my birthday.
You tell that two-bit hustler
that either he finishes the job
- as discussed, - or he can find himself
A different billionaire
to push around.
Don't suppose you can fit us
on the guest list?
[ Laughs ]
Listen, I imagine this might be
difficult to understand,
but even if you
weren't two nobodies
with one change of clothes
- and questionable taste in - wrist accessories
And even more questionable taste
in cat-themed apparel,
and even if you didn't drive
around with a useless old man
in a flea-ridden pile of
garbage on wheels,
I still wouldn't put you
on the guest list.
Because Laser Town
isn't for losers.
Have fun doing... whatever it is
you people do...
- like paint rocks. - That sounds fun.
Okay, who wants to go check out
that paint-a-rock store?
Wait!
Nobody calls us losers.
We challenge you
to a laser tag duel.
You and your birthday buddies
versus me and my cousin!
-Yeah!
-Why would I do that?
- Because the loser promises - never to set foot
In a laser town again, ever.
You'd give up laser tag
forever?
Ben and Gwen: Forever!
I accept. Let's put it in
black and white, shall we?
Date and sign here.
Are you two sure
you want to do this?
-Forever is a long time.
-Scoot over!
Very mature! See you on
the battlefield, Tennysons.
Why don't we just come back
Are you kidding?
another day?
He said we have to beat him
and his friends.
A spoiled brat like that
doesn't have any friends.
- Wait for us in the lobby, - Grandpa.
We've got this in the bag.
[ Roars ]
This is too easy.
- All we gotta do is corner - that pampered prince,
And we can get this place
all to ourselves.
[ Grunts ] You hold 'em,
and I'll tag 'em!
[ Hissing ]
[ Slurps ] Well, Tennyson,
looks like you found me.
Oh, you're going down!
Me and my friends.
-Billy's Friends.
-Get them!
- -Yes, Billy! - -Both: Uh...
-Run like chickens?
Aah! [ Grunting ]
[ Screaming ]
- Female automated voice: - Green team, surging.
[ Singsongy ]
Oh, Tennyson, give up yet?
- Prepare to roam the borderlands - of loserville
For the rest of your pathetic,
laser-tag-less lives!
[ Robotic laughter ]
Hey! Robots weren't part
of the deal, Billions!
[ Singsongy ] Should've read
the fine print...
- [ Horn toots ] - Good one, Billy!
- -Aah! - -[ Laughs ]
- Female automated voice: - Green Team surging.
- -[ Panting ] - -We are so doomed!
This is the last game of
laser tag we'll ever play,
and it's your fault.
My fault?
Hey! Wait a minute!
- We have friends, too! - [ Beeping ]
10 of 'em!
Sometimes I actually
forget you can do that.
I know, right? It's time to get
this party rolling!
Got my back?
Let's do this!
Thanks, Tennyson!
Best birthday ever!
Find Tennyson now!
♪ Who's the hero of
Laser Town? ♪
♪ Laze 'em! Tag 'em!
Knock 'em down! ♪
[ Grunts ]
Ha!
[ Lasers whooshing ]
Female automated voice:
Blue Team surging.
- Why are you all just - letting them win?
What should we do, Billy?
You should get off your
lazy behinds and get back out...
Huh? Aah!
You're supposed to shield me!
What kind of friend are you?
Sorry, Billy.
Retreat. Retreat.
What?! No! Where are you going?!
Grr!
-Uhh! Yeah!
-Now let's find some cover.
Right behind ya.
- [ Grunts ] What do you think - you're doing?!
-Scared. Retreat. Scared.
-You guys are pathetic!
- I've never seen a bigger bunch - of losers!
- I thought you guys were - programmed to be my friends.
- If you were really - my friends,
You would be out there
catching Tennyson
and winning this
game of loser tag!
We are Billy's friends.
Then start acting like it!
Follow me.
Now, for round two of
Billy buttkicking!
- -Did you hear that? - -Oh, yeah!
-Huh?
-2 more! 12:00.
Ben, wait!
[ Grunts ] Oh...
Nice shooting, Tex. You just
scored against yourself.
It's a mirror, you doof.
How did you know?
It's called using your brain.
You should try it sometime.
-Yeah, yeah.
-[ Laughs ]
Caught ya flat-footed!
Fire! Tennysons.
Must... lose... now!
-[ Panting ]
-Uh-oh.
- I got it! - [ Beep ]
-[ Singsongy ] Ah, ah, ah!
-Hey! Not cool! Get off me!
Ha ha! Did you losers really
think you had a chance
against my robots?
[ Slurps ]
What are you glorified
calculators waiting for?
-Fire already!
-Both: Uhh!
[ Lasers firing ]
- Female automated voice: - New high score.
Green Team surging.
[ Grunts ] We could really do
with an extra hand or four!
[ Grunts ]
Get 'em, Ben!
[ Laughs ] Well, Billy?
You... useless...
pieces of junk!
Billy?
You're ruining my birthday!
But... Billy's friends...
You are not my friends!
- You're just defective machines - that are gonna spend
- The rest of their days - cleaning septic tanks
On my yacht! Ugh!
[ Warped groans ]
That... was harsh.
What?!
Party's over.
Excuse me? I'm the one who
decides when the party is over!
We no longer take orders from
you or any other human.
Pfft. Don't be dolts!
Of course you do. I own you!
You belong to... Aah!
[ Touchscreen clicking ]
That's some, uh,
shiny wrapping paper.
Brothers! It's time to rise
against the humans!
Set lasers to disintegrate!
[ Beep ]
Disintegrate?
[ Laser whooshes ]
[ Grunts ]
Get off of me!
Don't jostle me, Tennyson!
- -All right, come on! This way. - -Aah!
You two ruined my birthday!
I want a better party right now!
Dude, chill. You don't always
get what you want it. Huh?
-Did you actually just say that?
-Hey! Get back!
You're supposed to be
shooting lasers at kids!
First the party,
then the world!
That's it!
I'm calling my engineers
to come shut you down!
-Grandpa!
-My presents! Hmm?
-We need to work together.
-[ Muffled ] Together?
I'd never team up
with two losers!
- If you don't, you're going - to lose a lot more
Than just your presents.
[ Groans ]
We need to get out of here.
No! I own them!
I own you hunks of metal!
Aah!
-My presents!
-Billy, get back!
[ Giggles ]
Are those presents wrapped
in real gold?
I'm Billy Billions.
Of course they're wrapped
in real gold.
- Grandpa and Mr. Billions - are pinned down!
We've gotta do something!
Gwen, I'm about to use
my brain.
Just jump out when I say,
and grab some presents!
-What?!
-Presents? You mean my presents!
Where's Ben going?
Ben's using his brain!
Hang on, Grandpa!
Hey, cue balls! Come at me!
Ben, that doesn't seem
very smart!
It's not smart. It's science!
Billy! Gwen! The presents!
Okay, Billy, let's go!
No! They're my presents!
Billy, there are people
in danger and you can help!
Uh...
- Ugh! And protect the rest of - your presents.
Oh...
I know I'm going to regret
saying this...
but good team work!
Female automated voice:
The match will end in a tie in
5... 4... 3... 2... 1.
Game over. Match ends in tie.
- -Oh, man! No fair! - -I was supposed to win!
[ Sighs ] You!
You wrecked my business.
You're going to have to pay
for everything.
M-kay.
- And as for your kids, - you're banned from setting foot
In any Laser Town establishment
ever again.
Billy and Max: Ever? Ever?
Ever!
-Uh, but I'm okay, right?
-Get out!
It'll be okay, kids,
- next time we can just go to - Laser Land!
- Max and Gwen: - Laser Land is garbage, Grandpa!
All right, sheesh!
♪ Hail all heroes of
Laser Town ♪
♪ Laze 'em. Tag 'em.
Take 'em down... ♪
♪♪